Create rule S6413 (#758)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6413/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> Increase the log retention period if the logs may contain important information in the case of a security breach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase the log retention period to at least 30 days
```
From my experience, I think that being straightforward could be better, because we never know if logs of an infrastructure component is actually the missing link in an incident
